Date: Sun, 27 Jan 2002 17:28:55 -0500
Mime-Version: 1.0 (Produced by PhpWiki 1.3.2-jeffs-hacks)
X-Rcs-Id: $Id: ReleaseNotes,v 1.1 2004/04/29 23:59:07 rurban Exp $
Content-Type: application/x-phpwiki;
  pagename=ReleaseNotes;
  pgsrc_version="2 $Revision: 1.1 $";
  flags=PAGE_LOCKED;
  markup=2;
  charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary

Jeffs Hacks.

* New database API.  See =lib/WikiDB.php= and =lib/WikiDB/backend.php=
  for the bulk of the documentation on this.  The new database can
  save multiple archived versions of each page.  A mechanism for
  purging archived revisions is now in place as well.  See the
  $~ExpireParams setting in =index.php=, and =lib/~ArchiveCleaner.php=
  for details.  At this point, the DBA, MySQL and Postgres backends
  are functional.  The DBA backend could use some performance
  optimization.  The whole API is still subject to some change as I
  figure out a clean way to provide for a variety of (not all forseen)
  methods of indexing and searching the wiki.

* New WikiPlugin architecture.

* New template engine.  This needs to be documented further, but, for
  now, see =lib/Template.php=.  On second thought, don't
  (=lib/Template.php= desperately needs refactoring, still.)  The
  basic advance is that PHP4's =ob_*()= functions can be used to
  capture output from code that is run through =eval().  This allows
  the templates to be PHP code...

* Edit preview button on the edit page.  Now you can see what your
  edits look like before committing them.

* Reworked the style-sheets.  I still need to clean this up some more.
  I would appreciate comments and bug reports on it.  So far I've only
  tested the new style sheets with Netscape 4.77 and Mozilla 0.9.3
  (both running under Linux.)

* Expanded syntax for text search, Searches like "wiki or web -page"
  (or "(wiki or web) and not page") will now do more-or-less what they
  look like they'll do.

* Security Issues: PhpWiki will now work with PHP's =register_globals=
  set to off.

PhpWiki 1.3.x development branch.

* Pagenames in =PATH_INFO=.

* File uploads: see PhpWikiAdministration.

* UserPreferences.

* Ugly [MagicPhpWikiURLs] for administrative links. 

PhpWiki 1.2 is a huge advance over version 1.0:

* Database support for MySQL, Postgresql, mSQL, flat file and the new
  dba_ library in PHP4 is included.

* Internationalization: support for different languages, down to the
  source level, is included. German, Spanish, Swedish and Dutch are
  currently shipped with PhpWiki. An architecture is in place to
  easily add more languages.

* New linking schemes using square brackets in addition to the old
  style ~BumpyText.

* Administration features include page locking, dumping the Wiki to a
  zip file, and deleting pages.

* A MostPopular page showing the most frequently hit pages.

* Full HTML compliance.

* Links at the bottom of pages describing relationships like incoming
  links from other pages and their hits, outgoing and their hits, and
  the most popular nearby pages.

* Color page diffs between the current and previous version.

* An info page to view page metadata.

* Far more customization capability for the admin.

* A templating system to separate the page HTML from the PHP code.

* New markup constructs for =<B>=, =<I>=, =<DD>=, =<BR>= and more.

* Tabless markup to supercede the older markup (both still supported).


----

PhpWiki 1.1.9 includes Spanish language pages, a full implementation
for Postgresql, numerous bug fixes and more. See the =HISTORY= file
for more info: http://phpwiki.sourceforge.net/phpwiki/HISTORY

----

PhpWiki 1.1.6 is a major revision of PhpWiki. The ability to have
themes (via an easy-to-edit template system) has been added; the
schema for MySQL has been completely overhauled, breaking the page
details into columns (for efficiency we agreed not to put references
in a separate table, so it's not completely normalized. "Don't let the
best be the enemy of the good.")

Postgresql support has been added and the markup language is evolving, now allowing

!!!<h2>
!!<h3>
!<h4>

tags and __a new way to make text bold__, and of course the
[new linking scheme].

There is a new feature on all pages called ''more info'' that gives
you a low level detailed view of a page, which is probably more useful
for debugging than anything.

As we move towards a 1.2 release we will be adding logging, top ten
most active pages and other new features with the new database schema
(and yes, these features will make it into the DBM version too). I
also want to add mSQL support and test it under Zend, the new PHP4.

Below are the release notes for version 1.03, the last release of the
1.0 PhpWiki series. --Steve Wainstead, mailto:swain@panix.com

----

PhpWiki was written because I am so interested in WikiWikiWeb~s, and I
haven't used PHP since version 2.0. I wanted to see how it had
advanced.

Version 1.0 is a near-perfect clone of the Portland Pattern
Repository, http://c2.com/cgi-bin/wiki?WikiWikiWeb. In truth, I was
using the Wiki script you can download from there as a model; that
Wiki lacks a number of features the PPR has, like EditCopy. So in
truth PhpWiki is a kind of hybrid of the PPR and the generic Wiki you
can get from there (which is written in Perl).

The one caveat of PhpWiki is the allowance of HTML if the line is
preceded by a bar (or pipe, which is how I usually say it). (That's a
'=|='). It was very simple to add, and the idea came from a posting
somewhere on the PPR about how AT&T had an internal Wiki clone and
used the same technique. The ability to embed HTML is disabled by
default for security reasons.

Version 1.01 includes a patch that fixes a small error with rendering
<hr> lines. Thanks to Gerry Barksdale.

See the =HISTORY= file for a rundown on the whole development process
if that sort of thing really interests you :-)

--SteveWainstead

----

PhpWikiDocumentation
